ICICI LBRD Q3 FY26 Results Leads to the
Official Announcement
ICICI LB General Insurance recently came
under market focus after an internal error
led to the premature exposure of its Q3
FY2 financial details.
The incident occurred just days before the company's
scheduled results announcement, triggering
discussion around data security and
internal controls.
According to the insurer, an employer
inadvertently shared draft and unaudited
financial figures on a personal WhatsApp
status which was briefly made sensitive in
public.
The company clarified through a regulatory
filing that the draft numbers related to
the quarter and nine months ended December 31,
2025. Were posted on January 9, 2026 at
around 5:44
am. The post was removed within an hour after the mistake was
identified. ICICI
LBRD immediately informed the  Stock
exchanges recognising that the information
failed due to incomplete price sensitive data,
ICICI Lobbard stressed that the figures
shared were only preliminary and had not
undergone the complete audit process and
received approval from its board of
directors.
The Ensure advised investors and
market participants not to rely on
the draft numbers noting that final
results could change once statutory audits and
internal reviews are completed
in response to the incident. The company has
initiated an internal investigation in
line with SEBI regulations and its internal
compliance framework.  The review aims to assess how
the infection was shared, strengthen
internal safeguards, and prevent similar
incidents in the future.
ICICI Lobbard also reaffirmed its
commitment to maintaining high standards of
corporate governance and data
confidentiality.
The episode highlights the growing risk
associated with digital communication
platforms where even an unintentional action
can lead to regulatory scrutiny and
reputational impact.
With financial markets becoming
increasingly sensitive to inflation flow such
incidents underlining the importance of strict
disclosure controls,
investors and analysts are now awaiting
the company's formal board meeting in the release
of audited Q3 FY26 results.  Until then,
the market is expected to remain
cautious with participants looking for
clarity on the insurance's actual
financial performance and management
commentary.